# hello-world
This is Laura introducing herself to the coding world. Formally. I hope to use GitHub during my job search by providing a repository for work samples and to store a private project on actions taken towards new employment. 

I am hoping to learn code as I develop this and 'I wish I had' databases and/or websites for my current work. This includes

a. A resident &amp; fellow alumni database. While the content (individuals listed in the database) will need to remain secure to limited users, I am hoping the database template can be used by other sponsoring institutions. The first phase is a complete listing of who belongs to the GME Office. The next phases would be a way to provide training verifications and to redirect inquires for individuals that don't belong to the GME Office but do belong to the University.   

b. A Quality Improvement Projects database. The scope of this hasn't yet be determined, but I am hoping to develop with University of Louisville School of Medicine faculty and University of Louisville Hospital QI staff for joint residency-ULH related projects. Then expand to our other hospital and clinical sites. Perhaps using the MedHub API for access control. This project plan needs to be very detailed as existing databases have limitations including how to maintain currency of projects, changing participants on a single project, and projects fulfilling multiple hospital initiatives, programs actions plans, and ACGME mandates. I anticipate lots of cross-linking and multiple selections needed.  

c. A website for use by multiple levels of GME users at both the institutional and program level. . I have started some of this in SoftChalk and have considered a WordPress site so this may not be a GitHub project. The website will be a consolidated educational resource with introduction and deep-dive material. For example, as resident recruiting activities begin, individuals should review a list of acronyms (see Quizlet of TAGME terms), their ACGME program requirements (link to ACGME.org), related ACGME webinar(s) (link to Learn at ACGME site with listing of courses to select), and the calendars and webinars provided by ERAS and NRMP (and their links). Individuals should also review some basic information on recruiting best practices (a ton out there) including on implicit bias (link to national and UofL information). All while keeping in mind their program’s mission and aims. 
